# Sprint 1
Landon Boone, git-id: landon-boone2001, group: notJSON

### What you planned to do
- Planned to learn introductory socket programming
- Create a basic client/server connection where a client can send messages to a server and vice versa until the client terminates connection. 
- Create a Header and C-library for ease of server/clients for portability
### What you did not do
- Continue sending/receiving messages in a loop until client termination.
- Cannot immediately reconnect to the server from the client - "cooldown" of sorts on the 8080 port on immediate reconnection
### What problems you encountered
Mainly, issues arose initially in attempting to work with sockets and sending/receiving messages. The problem ended up being something along the lines of a seg fault resulting from mishandling types (whether it be a socketaddr_in or sockaddr types vs using their pointers). Next, I tried sending a message to the server from a client using a scanf(), which resulted in a seg fault. This issue was easily fixable by resolving data type issues and assignment issues. After this was resolved, The program would send/receive messages between the programs, and exit as intended. Upon trying to run this in a loop, the issue became one along the lines of running through once, prompting a second input from the client prog, then exiting on the server program before reception.

### Issues you worked on
[9](https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/issues/9)
[25](https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/issues/25)

### Files you worked on
(Needs to be merged to main) [Fork landon/notJSON-3/CServer](https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/tree/landon/notJSON-3) - Stored temporarily in helloplus until we make a server directory
helloplus/CServer/inc/server.h
helloplus/CServer/lin/server.c
helloplus/Cserver/src/clientTest.c
helloplus/CServer/src/serverTest.c
### What you accomplished
Created a functional server connection between a client and a server, with ability to send user inputted messaged from a client to the server, and getting a response back from the server. Learned the basics of C-socket programming. Also, created the groundworks for an extensive C-header/library for server/client-related functions to be built on later for generating specific messages to send to the server from the client and vice versa. This will be able to used to send requests to the server to return whatever functionality is needed (IE returning a value from a function defined in a third program).