# Sprint 2

Jason West, ysy293 | notJSON

### What I planned to do
- Planned to write a prototype client that sent messages to the server in JavaScript (Issue 7): https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/issues/7
- Planned to extend and polish this prototype to actually display the implementation in the server (Issue 12): https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/issues/12
- Planned to research and implement binary message packing algorithms in JavaScript (Issue 54): https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/issues/54

### What I did not do
- I achieved all 3 issues that I intended to do by the zoom Sprint 2 demo, however I did not extend upon the polished client code generation as much as I should have.

### What problems I encountered
- Didn't run into many problems this sprint due to the meat of it being focused on research and learning/extending my JavaScript knowledge.

### Issues I worked on
- Implement/Research how to pack a binary message in JavaScript: https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/issues/54
- Prototype Client Code Generation (JavaScript): https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/issues/7
- Polished Client Code Generation (JavaScript): https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/issues/12

### Files I worked on
- utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/server.js
- utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/examples/mpacking.js
- utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/clients/javascript/client.js

### What I accomplished
In this sprint, I took more of a focus on learning and applying algorithms in JavaScript that I would use over the course of Sprint 3 to start finalizing the project. My main two tasks to research and implement were binary message packing and client code generation. In this sprint, I developed an algorithm that was able to send messages back and forth between the client and the server while the server was running. The server was able to print and show the messages as well as the datatypes that were sent over to it. Upon recieving the message, the client generated a message that shows the response was recieved from the server and the values that were sent to it. Accomplishing this was important because we need the communication between the server and the user to be fleshed out before we can get started on producing the code templates that the user wants in Sprint 3. The other task that I accomplished was researching and implementing binary packing algorithms. The main part of this task was research, so there's not much code to show for it, but I was able to find and learn two binary message packing algorithms and took time to implement an example of both of them. These two binary packing algorithms were DataView and Node.js. The two algorithms that used this were just simple examples for now just so I could learn both algorithms and have options for the actual messages we will be packing in Sprint 3. Overall, I took a more research focused approach during Sprint 2, so rather than writing a lot of lines of code, I instead took the time to learn the algorithms and implement examples of them so I wouldn't be behind on my JavaScript knowledge for the tasks in Sprint 3.
