# Sprint 3

Jason West, ysy293 | notJSON

### What I planned to do
- Planned to write a template in jinja that our main script code can take in and generate JavaScript code from (Issue 88): https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/issues/88
- Planned to implement a server which can send messages to a client using said generated JavaScript code (Issue 89): https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/issues/89
- Planned to implement a client which recieves binary messages from the server and unpacks/decodes them to reply back to the server (Issue 90): https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/issues/88

### What I Did Not Do
- I achieved all 3 issues that I had planned to do, however there is some final debugging and cleanup that I did not get a chance to do for the client code.

### What Problems I Encountered
- I encountered a lot of struggle implementing the server and client code since it was hard to take it to the next step from the prototypes I did last sprint, but with enough hours put in I got a working demo.
- It was a little hard to completely comprehend what I was doing but this sprint helped bring the entire project full circle and now I understand exactly what we have to demo for the final project.

### Issues I Worked On
- Write a client that takes messages from a server and decodes/unpacks them (JavaScript): https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/issues/90
- Write a simple server that can use generated code to send messages to and from a client (JavaScript): https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/issues/89
- Write a jinja template that can produce a server which unpacks binary messages (JavaScript): https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/issues/88

### Files I Worked On
- utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/server.js
- utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/clients/javascript/client.js
- utk-cs340-fall24/notJSON/templates/js_server.jinja

### What I Accomplished
In this sprint, I applied the principles I learned from last sprint with binary message packing to build up the protoype server and client code. I took an intermediate step to get closer to the final step of chat messages being sent between two different clients from two different languages. This step was accomplished by extending upon the prototype client and server files that I had made last sprint to use the code generated from the jinja template I created. This jinja template should be able to produce a fleshed out server that can fully take in messages with fields between clients for our final project demo, and this sprint I was able to implement a simple version of that. This was done by implementing my own server and client code that uses the functions in the generated server code from the jinja template to unpack, pack, and print out statements that show how binary blobs and messages are being sent between clients and servers. This intermediate step helped us inch closer to what the final design for the generated server code should look like, and I will apply the concepts from these 3 files and sort of "combine" them into one working client-server connection.
